Update requirements.mdx (#25682)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/registrar/requirements.mdx

## Requirements

> All domains using Cloudflare Registrar must use Cloudflare for authoritative DNS on a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/)[^1]. This means [updating your nameservers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/nameservers/update-nameservers/) to point to Cloudflare. You cannot change to another DNS provider while using Cloudflare Registrar.

Author: ```suggestion
All domains using Cloudflare Registrar must use Cloudflare for authoritative DNS on a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/)[^1]. This means [onboarding your domain](/fundamentals/manage-domains/add-site/) by [updating your nameservers](/dns/nameservers/update-nameservers/) to your assigned Cloudflare nameservers. You cannot change to another DNS provider's nameservers while using Cloudflare Registrar.
```
